Wazuh 4.3.8 release notes and versions update (#5568)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/release-notes/release-4-3-8.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::
  :description: Wazuh 4.3.8 has been released. Check out our release notes to discover the changes and additions of this release.

4.3.8 Release notes - 19 September 2022
=======================================

This section lists the changes in version 4.3.8. Every update of the Wazuh solution is cumulative and includes all enhancements and fixes from previous releases.

What's new
----------

This release includes new features or enhancements as the following:

Wazuh agent
^^^^^^^^^^^

- `#14842 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14842>`_ Updated root CA certificate in agents to validate WPK upgrades.

Resolved issues
---------------

This release resolves known issues as the following: 

Wazuh manager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

==============================================================    =============
Reference                                                         Description
==============================================================    =============
`#14752 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14752>`_             A wrong field assignation in Audit decoders is fixed.

> `#14825 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14825>`_             A performance problem related to the synchronization of files through the cluster is fixed. Avoiding ``wazuh-remoted`` from cleaning the multigroup folder in worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#14825 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14825>`_             A performance problem when synchronizing files through the cluster is fixed. The multigroup folder in worker nodes is no longer cleaned upon node restart.
```

> `#14772 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14772>`_             The rule skipped in ``wazuh-analysisd`` when the option ``if_sid`` is invalid is fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#14772 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14772>`_             A problem when using an invalid syntax with the if_sid label is fixed. Now the rule is ignored if the listed if_sid rules are not separated by ` ` or `,`.
```

==============================================================    =============

Wazuh agent
^^^^^^^^^^^

==============================================================    =============
Reference                                                         Description
==============================================================    =============
`#14801 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14801>`_             A path traversal flaw in Active Response affecting agents from v3.6.1 to v4.3.7 is fixed. Thanks to Roshan Guragain for reporting this vulnerability.
==============================================================    =============

Packages
^^^^^^^^

==============================================================    =============
Reference                                                         Description
==============================================================    =============
`#1798 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-packages/pull/1798>`__     Some errors on the ``wazuh-certs-tool.sh`` are fixed.

> `#1806 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-packages/pull/1806>`__     An error in the ``wazuh-dashboard`` API is fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#1806 <https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-packages/pull/1806>`__     An error in the ``wazuh-dashboard`` API with some specific passwords is fixed.
```
